Geneva Exporter Release v1.2.4 (#316)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva/CHANGELOG.md

> # Changelog - OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva

Reviewer: You don't need to add the project name here as this CHANGELOG file already exists under the directory `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva`

Look at other projects in the solution for reference to stay consistent.

Reviewer 2: Looks like others are doing this https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/blob/main/src/OpenTelemetry.Contrib.Extensions.AWSXRay/CHANGELOG.md#changelog---opentelemetrycontribextensionsawsxray

Reviewer 2: And it is very inconsistent just by quickly looking at 3 projects.
I do agree that it's better to just keep it as "Changelog".

Reviewer: Ahh I wasn't aware of this earlier.

Author: Ya was just going off another project but if that's not something followed everywhere I agree to omit the project name :)

# Changelog - OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva

> ## Unreleased

Reviewer: Don't remove the `## Unreleased` section. We always have it at the top of the CHANGELOG

> This is teh first release for the `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the first release for the `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva`
```

Reviewer 2: Or maybe 

```suggestion
This is a very first test release for the `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Geneva`
```

Reviewer: I think we could use "This is the first test release for ..."
